there are four techniques of obtaining one
urine sample for analysis a
simple method of obtaining a sample
is when urinating the animal is
spontaneous driving the disadvantages of
this method are mainly the
possibility of contamination of the
shows due to contact with the
external genitalia and also only
You can get the sample at the moment
that the animal urges voluntarily
the second technique is compression
manual bladder which is a method that
can cause robot ism and should not
be used on animals with a bladder
pathological or a urethral obstruction
there is also the possibility of
contamination of the sample due to
contact with the external genitalia
third method is catheterization
urethral risk of trauma
associated with this piercing method or
knotting of the bladder catheter and a
contamination risk if the
Sterility is maintained during
execution
the fourth way to get urine for
his analysis is through the acys
teacher if this technique is easy and
has the advantage of allowing the
Obtaining a sample in a way
aseptic
the observed changes has to effect the
analyzes will be confined to the device
urinary due to the fact of avoiding
contact with the reproductive system
this method requires that the bladder have
a sufficient volume of urine
contamination of the sample with blood
it can happen if it penetrates
accidentally blood vessels to
penetrating the abdominal wall or scraping
the surface of the bladder mucosa
if necessary, it can be generally
differentiate between a hemorrhage
accidental and a true hematuria
the complementary analysis of urine
obtained by spontaneous urination
Teachers should be avoided after
a cystectomy
to get urine by cis teachers is
locate the bladder by palpation
use a 23 gauge needle and 2 to 3
centimeters long and a syringe
having a capacity of 20 milliliters
It is recommended to insert the needle into a
45 degree angle against the wall
abdominal in the ventral aspect or inside
lateral of the bladder and in one direction
cow dorsal
this angle minimizes the escape of urine
does the abdominal cavity
finally deposit the urine in a
sterile container in this way you
have a urine sample ready to
be evaluated
if a bacteriological analysis is desired
replace the needle that was used for the
puncture with a sterile needle before
introduce it into the sterile container
here a sterile glass tube is used
under vacuum if anticoagulant take note of
that first the tube plug is cleaned
with gauze soaked in alcohol before
to work through the plug with the
needle to transfer urine
transfer the remaining urine to a
second container for analysis
urethral catheterization requires a
aseptic technique a little sterile gel
the end of the catheter is applied to
facilitate its administration to the interior
of the urethra
the animal is characterized
can exert gentle pressure on the
bladder to facilitate the collection of
urinate directly into a container
sterile
finally the collection of urine by
the method of spontaneous urination allows
take a walk outside